define - precedes the declaration of any top level structure.

abstract - part of the definition of a top level structure or 
function.  This indicates that this particular structure or 
function cannot be instantiated but must be implemented 
by either another top level structure or a function.  Functions
implementing abstract methods must be preceded by the implements
keyword

class - indicates a top-level class container structure that
can be instantiated as an object unless it is preceded by the 
abstract keyword

@public - indicates public members of a class

@private - indicates private members of a class

@protected - indicates non-public but sub-class accessible
members of a class

@ports - used to define ports within a Kernel object, only valid
when used within something that sub-classes a Kernel.  If used
outside of a Kernel sub-class this will throw an exception

@configs - used to define compile time configurations within a Kernel 
object, valid only within a Kernel sub-class

final - when used as a modifier to a class, prevents any sub-classing
of the class, its invalid for use as a modifier to a template or an 
abstract class that cannot be instantiated without sub-classing.  Methods
may use final to indicate that sub-classes cannot override this particular
function.  Final may also be used to prevent a method from being 
overridden.

system - you'll only see this in system function declaration stubs, these
classes and functions are defined by the runtime in native code, they're
not extendable by the user at the moment.


extends - indicates that a class inherits public and protected
members from the class name which follows this keyword

implements - can be used in two manners.  The first is in a 
class declaration indicating that this class implements a given
interface, the second is in a function declaration where the
user is explicitly required to state that the function declaration 
implements an inherited abstract method or interface method.

overrides - keyword within a function declaration to indicate
if a function overrides a method within a super-class, required 
for overriding both abstract and implemented super-class methods.

autogen - keyword that indicates automatic synthesis of access 
functions for private variables. The functions are named in the 
following way: get_variable_name, set_variable_name. 

AP.XXX - AP.anything can be a reserved system implemented type
for the AP runtime.  This is set due to some limitations on how
things are defined.  For instance, the language types for file
extensions are defined in XML format, the outlines for each process
are defined in AP code, therefore there has to be a way to 
match the two up.  
